Document latest changes (#470)
radix-ui/website: data/primitives/overview/releases.mdx

<PackageRelease name="Dropdown Menu" version="1.0.1" />

- Correctly pair `DropdownMenu.Trigger` open state with `aria-expanded` when closed <PRLink id={1644} />

> - Fix issues eager selection of items when using `asChild` <PRLink id={1647} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix issue with eager selection of items when using `asChild` <PRLink id={1647} />
```
Perhaps?

Author: 🤦‍♂️
